Concept and Purpose of the Work
The initial idea behind the development of this system was to create functional software for surveying students at our faculty. The goal was to ease the process for the student parliament representatives and their presidents to track the satisfaction and dissatisfaction of students on specific topics addressed daily within our departmental lectures. The platform aims to provide actionable results that our esteemed faculty members will consider and utilize as guidelines for further enhancing the quality of teaching and study programs.
The application consists of three main parts. The first part is intended for unregistered users and does not require system login as it is an open student site. Its purpose is to provide opinions in line with their preferences on a given topic, provided the user has a user code. If not, they can request it from their parliament.

The second part is intended for all registered members of the Parliament and requires system login. In this section, users can browse existing content and add new surveys to the forum. Each user on the forum has their profile with a private section.

The third part is administrative and can only be accessed by administrators - System Admins. The administrative section is divided into two parts: forum administration and user administration. Surveys on the forum are structured hierarchically and follow the principle of Newest First for public surveys. Surveys are at the top level of the hierarchy, containing questions processed through 1. The last level consists of options (lists of professors and subjects) representing entities for evaluation. To achieve such functionality, user types, application security, database, and functionality need to be defined.

